SNOW-2022983 - Add dtype checks to the move_to_me_cost function for Snowpandas (#3496)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: docs/source/modin/hybrid_execution.rst

as either a pre-operation switch point or a post-operation switch point. These switch points
may change over time as the feature matures and as APIs are updated.

Only Dataframes with data types that are compatible with Snowflake can be moved to the Snowflake

> backend, and if a Dataframe backed by pandas contains such a type ('categorical' for example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backend, and if a Dataframe backed by pandas contains a non-compatible type ('categorical' for example)
```
